{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.1 Into the directory B there is the directory solution_1.1 and typing ls it is possible to obtain the first letter, that is A\
\
1.2 Into the directory B there is the directory solution_1.1 and typing ls -a it is possible to obtain the second letter, that is P\
\
1.3 Into the directory B there is the file program; executing the program it is possible to obtain the third letter, that is T\
\
1.4 Into the directory C there is the file txt. First of all, execute the command ls -l to obtain the size of the file, that is 66; then execute the program file_size_check and insert 66 to obtain the fourth letter, that is E\
\
2.1 The fifth character is contained into the file solution_2.1.txt and it is N\
\
2.2 The six character is O\
\
3.1 The seven and the eight characters are DY \
	NB: the file ./check_code have to be executed in python2\
\
3.2 The nine and the ten characters are TE\
\
4.1 The eleven character is S\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 13,22c13,14\
< The Master held up a hand for silence, and called the most obstreperous \
< of the neophytes who had mocked forward, to where he and the end user sat.\
< \
< \'93Tell me,\'94 he asked the neophyte, \'93of the code you have written and \
< the works of design you have uttered.\'94\
< \
< The neophyte began to stammer out a reply, but fell silent.\
< \
< Master Foo turned to the end-user. \'93Tell me,\'94 he inquired, \
< \'93why do you seek the Way?\'94\
---\
> The Master held up a hand for silence, and turned to the end-user. \
> \'93Tell me,\'94 he inquired, \'93why do you seek the Way?\'94
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
4.2 The twelve character is P\
\
NB: use sort -d, instead of sort\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \'93And how many hours would you require to implement and debug that C program?\'94 \
\'93And who better understands the Unix-nature?\'94 Master Foo asked. \
Copyright \'a9 2003 Eric S. Raymond\
\'93How can this be? C is the language in which the very kernel \
Implemented in pure C, would it not span ten thousand lines?\'94\
\'93Is it he who writes the ten thousand lines, or he who, perceiving \
\'93Many,\'94 admitted the visiting programmer. \'93But only a fool would spend \
Master Foo and the Ten Thousand Lines\
Master Foo once said to a visiting programmer: \'93There is more Unix-nature \
Master Foo replied: \'93All that you say is true. But there is still more \
Master Foo replied: \'93That is so. Nevertheless, there is more Unix-nature \
The programmer grew distressed. \'93But through the C language we become as one\
The programmer muttered through his beard, contemplating what Nubi had \
The programmer scoffed at Master Foo and rose to depart. But Master Foo \
The programmer, who was very proud of his mastery of C, said: \
Unix-nature in one line of shell script than there is in ten thousand \
Upon hearing this, the programmer was enlightened.\
asked Nubi.\
in one line of shell script than there is in ten thousand lines of C.\'94\
in one line of shell script than there is in ten thousand lines of C.\'94\
lines of C.\'94\
nodded to his student Nubi, who wrote a line of shell script on a nearby \
of Unix is implemented!\'94\
the emptiness of the task, gains merit by not coding?\'94\
the time to do that when so many more worthy tasks await him.\'94\
whiteboard, and said: \'93Master programmer, consider this pipeline. \
with the operating system and the machine, reaping matchless performance!\'94\
written. Finally he agreed that it was so.\
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
4.3 The 13-th character is A\
	
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \'93Many,\'94 admitted the visiting programmer. \'93But only a fool would spend 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
5.1 The 14-th and 15-th characters are TA\
\
unzip wrapped.zip\
tar -xf wrapped.tar\
cd solution\
gunzip solution.txt.gz\
more solution.txt\
\
6.1 16-th and 17-th characters are GO\
\
6.2 \
\
6.3 19-th character is I\
\
6.4\
\
6.5 21 and 22 US\
}